docs: memberships privacy (#1519)
appwrite/website: src/partials/auth-security.md

You won't receive notifications when logging in using [Magic URL](/docs/products/auth/magic-url), [Email OTP](/docs/products/auth/email-otp), or [OAuth2](/docs/products/auth/oauth2) since these authentication methods already verify user access to their systems, establishing the authentication's legitimacy.

To toggle session alerts, navigate to **Auth** > **Security** > **Session alerts**.

# Memberships privacy {% #memberships-privacy %}

> Hide specific membership details from other users by marking them as private. To set this up, go to **Auth** > **Security** > **Memberships privacy**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain use cases, your app may not need to share members’ personal information with others. You can safeguard privacy by marking specific membership details as private. To configure this setting, navigate to **Auth** > **Security** > **Memberships privacy**
```

These details can be made private:

- `userName` - The member's name
- `userEmail` - The member's email address
- `mfa` - Whether the member has enabled multi-factor authentication

> 
> {% info title="Scale plan feature" %}
> Memberships privacy is available on the Appwrite Cloud scale plan.
> {% /info %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't need this anymore since we're going to make this feature available to all plans.
